How dare you give birth to a wife?
Grandma, how did you find yourself here?
Why did you call Wang Nai to clean the house?
Of course I did. grandmother.
She, you kid, get out of my way to see my grandson-in-law.
Grandma, now is not the time?
What is not the right time? When is my wife’s time?
She ah ah.
Grandma, what grade am I in?
Finally got a granddaughter-in-law?
Isn’t it easy for her to have a grandson-in-law?
She should stop pretending.
She should stop pretending. She should stop pretending. She should stop pretending. She should stop pretending.
She should stop pretending. She should stop pretending. She should stop pretending.
She should stop pretending. She should stop pretending. She should stop pretending. She shouldn't pretend
Grandmother-in-law called me out and it was Li
Is there anyone at home?
It's okay, it's okay
Peace of mind and happiness
Said this is not possible in a place like this
Hurry up and pack your things and follow me back to my old house, grandma
I will definitely give you an explanation for this matter.
but not now
You go back first, I promise
I will definitely take your granddaughter-in-law with me
Marriage and rape, go to the old house, okay, grandma is Li
Why are you at the door like this?
It's okay, it's okay, follow my wife